>> Mike North: So here's a rough
outline of what we're gonna learn.
We're gonna start out with kind of a crash
course in the TypeScript programming
language.
Now, we don't have time, and
it's not a good use of our time
to go through every little facet of
what can be done with TypeScript.
My main goal here is to ensure that
I leave you with a great mental
model of how to think about
this programming language.
Because then you can go and
you can learn about all the little corners
that I made left untouched on your own.
We'll learn about configuring
the TypeScript compiler.
This is important because it can be
the difference between shrinking
your code by 70%, right?
Like if you're building for IE6, there's
a lot of extra code there because we can't
really depend on as much being
there in the browser for us to use.
And it also helps you set
your strictness settings.
So if you really want type safety,
you kind of have to
set things appropriately so
the rules are strong, right?
We will go through a three step,
practical strategy for
converting from TypeScript to JavaScript.
There are bad ways to do this.
If done correctly, and
if done the way that I'm gonna teach you,
it can be a very smooth,
incremental process.
It doesn't have to be a big,
disruptive thing, right?
We don't have to treat it like
we're rewriting a JavaScript
program in Swift or
something completely unrelated.
We can take advantage of the similarity
between these languages.
And the ability for mixing JavaScript and
TypeScript modules.
We'll focus quite a bit on
advanced types and generics.
And you can think of generics
as parameterized types, right,
we pass a value to a function to
sort of parameterize the value.
We can pass type parameters to generics,
to parameterize types,
like a fill-in-the-blank
kind of situation.
And at the end, I want to give you a quick
demo of how the TypeScript
compiler looks at your code.
So we're going to use the JavaScript API
for the TypeScript compiler,
not because I think a lot of you
will end up using this in your apps.
But it allows us to
pick under the hood and
to see how TypeScript
understands our code.
And how it sort of splits it apart and
how it represents it in data structures.
That's really important in order to
validate that you have the correct
mental model.